hey everybody I'm out here in the coop
house and we've got one of our muscovy
ducks that has gone broody but there's a
question as to whether or not the eggs
are fertile you may remember that in a
few other videos I mentioned that we
only have one Drake and we have three
Drake's now but we've never witnessed a
mating so it's interesting to us to see
the duck go broody already so we're
going to take a closer look and candle a
couple of the eggs that had been marked
and see whether or not they have
actually been fertilized so I'm going to
come in here so this is one of our
muscovy ducks she's been on this nest
for about three and a half days now and
her underside her breast is quite warm
let's take a look at this nest she's
sitting so I haven't gotten poking
around in her nest I don't want to
change things from the way she has it
but there's about twenty to twenty four
eggs somewhere in there and that's just
a little too much for her that's a bit
of the problem that we're having is we
have about 20 ducks and they're all
trying to lay in the same nest so what
we're going to do is select a couple of
these and try to encourage them we're
going to set up a second nest and see if
maybe another duck wants to go broody
but first let's take a look and see if
we can tell these are even fertilized at
all
you
almost all of these eggs ended up being
less than a week old and because of that
the candling didn't really reveal much
so we'll come back and look at these
later and just be satisfied knowing that
mama duck says it's time to sit the eggs
so we have our duck all bundled back up
we took her down to closer to 18 eggs
that's about right for her size she's
not a very large duck and she needs to
make sure that she can properly manage
what she has in her nest they're just
too much outside influence to many other
ducks trying to feed her eggs and it
just wasn't going to work out so we've
arranged those eggs in a second nest and
hopefully another duck here any day will
decide that she's ready to sit on those
so we really love showing you guys the
videos and pictures of when the
ducklings hatch and with all the
tragedies of 2014 we've really hope that
we can show you a wonderful hatch out
this year thank you all for watching
we'll see you next time